die Religion
die Naturreligion
die Offenbarungsreligion
der Deismus
der Theismus
der Monotheismus
der Polytheismus
der Pantheismus
das Heidentum
der Heide
die Theologie
der Theologe
der Gottesbeweis
die Gotteserkenntnis
der Gott
die Gottheit
der Kult
die Verehrung
der Glaube
das Glaubensbekenntnis
die Konfession
das Dogma
die Lehre
der Gläubige
der Kirchgänger
der Fundamentalismus
der Fundamentalist
die Geistigkeit
die Religiosität
die Frömmigkeit
die Frömmelei
die Betschwester
der Heuchler
die Sekte
der Anhänger
das Sektierertum
der Fanatismus
der Fanatiker
die Kirchenspaltung
die Bekehrung
der Bakehrungseifer
der Neubekehrte
die Apostasie
der Animismus
der Schamanismus
der Schamane
der Fetischismus
der Fetisch
das Amulett
der Glücksbringer
der Talisman
die Bilderverehrung
der Bilderverehrer
der Bilderstürmer
der Totemismus
das Toter
das Tabu
der Götze
der Götzenglaube
die Geheimwissenschaft
der Wahrsager
die Wahrsagerin
der Hellseher
das Hellsehen
die Weissagung
die Prophezeiung
das Vorzeichen
der Renegat
der Abtrünnige
die Häresie
der Häretiker
der Scheiterhaufen
die Verfolgung
der Märtyrer
das Martyrium
der Kreuzzug
die Ungläubigen
der Atheismus
der Atheist
die Ungläubigkeit
die Skepsis
der Agnostizismus
der Agnostiker
das Freidenkertum
der Freidenker
die Gewissensfreiheit
die Religionsfreiheit
die Kultusfreiheit
die Toleranztolerant
die Intoleranz
der Antiklerikalismus
die Vision
die Astrologie
die Sterndeutung
der Astrologe
die Traumdeutung
das Kartenlegen
die Kartenlegerin
die Handliniendeutung
die Handliniendeuterin
der Aberglaube
die Leichtgläubigkeit
der Spiritismus
der Spiritist
das Medium
der Klopfgeist
das Übernatürliche
die Zauberei
der Zauberer
der Zauber
die Hexe
die Hexerei
die Behexung
die Verhexung
die Verwünschung
die Zauberkünste
das Zauberbuch
das Zauberwort
die Zauberformel
der Zaubertrank
der Liebestrank
das Gespenst
der Geist
das Spukschloss
der Kobold
der Teufel
der Exorzismus
der Exorzist
der Dämon
die Mythologie
der Mythos
der Mythus
die Sage
die Priesterin
das Orakel
das Opfer
das Menschenopfer
das Sühneopfer
der Olymp
die Unterwelt
das Elysium
der Halbgott
der Titan
der Zyklop
die Kirche
das Münster
die Kathedrale
die Basilika
die Stiftskirche
die Abteikirche
die Kirche
die Kapelle
der Katholizismus
der Katholik
der Altkatholik
der Patriarch
der Pope
der Protestantismus
der Protestant
der Lutheranismus
der Lutheraner
der Kalvinismus
der Kalvinist
der Reformierte
der Presbyterianer
der Baptist
der Methodist
der Pietist
der Puritaner
der Anglikanismus
der Anglikaner
der Quäker
der Mormone
die Muse
die Grazien
der Sylphe
die Undine
die Walhalla
die Wallküre
die Walhall
die Wallküre
das Fabeltier
der Satyr
die Sirene
der Drache
der Zentaur
der Kentaur
der Zerberus
der Phönix
das Einhorn
die Sphinx
der Greif
der Minotaur
der Minotaurus
der Pegasus
die Gorgo
die Medusa
die Meduse
die Hydra
der Werwolf
die Heilsarmee
das Christentum
der Christ
die Christenheit
der Allmächtige
der Ewige
der Herr
der Schöpfer
die Schöpfung
die Erschaffung
der Heiland
der Messias
der Erlöser
die Erlösung
die Menschwerdung
der Marienkult
die Jungfrau
die Heilige
die Heilige
die Verkündigung
die Heimsuchung
die Geburt
die Weihnachtskrippe
die Krippe
das Jesuskind
das Christkind
das Abendmahl
die Verklärung
das Leiden
der Ölberg
der Kalvarienberg
der Leidensweg
die Kreuzigung
die Kreuzigung
das Kreuz
die Kreuzabnahme
die Grablegung
die Auferstehung
das Heilige
der Anostel
das Kredo
der Jünger
die Bibel
die Heilige
das Alte
das Neue
der Vers
das Gleichnis
das Evangelium
die Evangelisten
die Apostelgeschichte
die Briefe
die Kirchenväter
die Offenbarung
das Mysterium
die Überlieferung
die Bibelauslegung
die Vorsehung
die Trinität
die Dreieinigkeit
der Heilige
die Seligsprechung
die Seligkeit
der Heilige
die Heiligsprechung
der Schutzheilige
die Patrona
die Heiligenverehrung
das Wunder
die Wunderheilung
die Erscheinung
der Engel
der Schutzengel
der Cherub
der Seraph
die Seele
die Unsterblichkeit
die Ewigkeit
das Seelenheil
die Barmherzigkeit
die Verheißung
die Prädestination
der Auserwählte
die Gnade
der Himmel
das Paradies
das Jenseits
das Fegefeuer
der Limbus
die Vorhölle
die Hölle
die Verdammnis
der Verdammte
der Dekalog
die Sünde
die Erbsünde
die Todsünde
die Hauptsünde
der Sünder
die Gotteslästerung
der Gotteslästerer
die Verwünschung
der Frevel
der Frevler
die Schändung
dieLLiturgie
das Sakrament
der Segensegnen
die Taufe
die Firmung
die Konfirmation
der Konfirmand
das Abendmahl
das Allerheiligste
die Konsekration
die Elevation
die Kommunion
der Kommunikant
der Seelsorger
die Beichte
der Beichtvater
der Beichtstuhl
die Reue
die Buße
der Büßer
das Fasten
die Fastenzeit
die Absolution
die Lossprechung
die Ehe
die Krankensalbung
die Letzte
die Sterbeglocke
die Grabrede
der Gottesdienst
der Ritus
das Ritual
die Zeremonie
die Messe
die Messe
der Offiziant
der Ninistrant
der Messdiener
der Chorknabe
der Altar
das Kreuzzeichen
der Kniefall
das Hochamt
die Seelenmesse
die Frühmette
die Predigt
die Kanzel
das Gebet
das Dankgebet
die Votivgabe
der Kerzenständer
die Weihnachtskerzen
die Andacht
die Litanei
das Vaterunser
das Ave(-Maria)
die Devotionalien
der Rosenkranz
das Messbuch
das Brevier
das Gesangbuch
der Lobgesang
die Lobpreisung
das Kirchenlied
die Prozession
die Albe
das Messgewand
der Chorrock
die Stola
die Mitra
die Kultgeräte
der Tabernakel
die Hostie
das Kruzifix
der Messkelch
der Hostienkelch
das Ziborium
das Messkännchen
die Vonsiranz
der Weihrauch
das Weihrauchiass
das Weihwasser
das Weihwasserbecken
das Weihbecken
der Weihwedel
die Reliquie
der Reliquienschrein
die Geistlichkeit
der Klerus
der Geistliche
der Kleriker
der Laie
die Säkularisation
der Wettgeistliche
der Papst
die Unfehlbarkeit
die Enzyklika
die Bulle
die Kirchenspaltung
das Pansttum
der Heilige
der Vatikan
der Primat
der Primas
der Epikospat
der Kardinal
das Kardinalskollegium
das Konsistorium
der Prälat
der Erzbischof
das Erzbistum
der Bischof
das Bistum
die Diözese
die Synode
der Dekan
der Domherr
das Kapitel
der Pastor
der Pfarrer
der Priester
die Berufung
die Priesterweihe
das Priesteramt
die Priesterwürde
das Zöllbat
der Vikar
der Diakon
der Küster
der Glöckner
die Sakristei
das Pfarrhaus
die Pfarrei
die Pfarrgemeinde
die Kirchengemeinde
das Gemeindemitglied
das Gemeindeglied
die Pfarrkinder
der Opferstock
die Opfergabe
die Kollekte
das Kirchgeld
die Kirchensteuer
der Kaplan
die Milttärseelsorge
der Feldgeistliche
der Katechet
der Katechismus
der Religionsunterricht
die Ordensgeistlichkeit
der Ordensbruder
der Mönch
der Prior
die Priorin
der Abt
die Nonne
die Ordenssschwester
die Diakonisse
die Oberin
die Novizin
der Einsiedler
der Anachoret
der Mönchsorden
der Orden
das Kloster
die Abtei
der Schleier
die Flügelhaube
das Klostergelübde
das Keuschheitsgelübde
die Tonsur
der Mystiker
die Kontemplation
der Benediktiner
der Kapuziner
der Kartäuser
der Zisterzienser
der Dominikaner
der Franziskaner
der Jesuit
der Bettelmönch
der Missionar
der Apostolat
das Evangelium
das Priesterseminar
das Predigerseminar
der Seminarist
die Zelle
der Hinduismus
der Hindu
der Brahmane
die Reinkarnation
die Seelenwanderung
der Taoismus
der Konfuzianismus
der Schintoismus
der Buddhismus
der Buddhist
der Bonze
der Tempel
die Pagode
der Islamismus
der Islam
der Mohammedanismus
die Hedschra
der Mosiem
der Koran
die Sure
die Speiseverbote
die Kaaba
der Schwarze
das Heiligtum
die Wallfahrt
der Wallfahrer
der Waltfahrtsort
die Moschee
das Minarett
der Muezzin
der $unnit
der Schiit
der Ajatollah
der Kalif
der Emir
der Imam
der Marabut
der Judaismus
der Hebräer
das Hebräische
das Volk
der Jude
der Israelit
der Israeli
die Thora
der Talmud
die Kabbala
der Rabbiner
der Sabbat
der Versöhnungstag
das Passah
die Beschneidung
die Speisevorschriften
die Synagoge
die Klagemauer
der Ewige
die Sephardim
die Ashkenasim
der Goi